>> Brian: We're gonna make
it look nice and pretty now.
So, first thing we're gonna do
is we gonna do some PropTypes.
>> Brian: So one thing I'll say
about PropTypes in general,
it's almost I'm not gonna say it's TDD,
but it's like a TDD mindset of like,
I'm identifying first what I need,
and then I'm gonna go do it.
So by writing your PropTypes first,
you're kinda saying,
here's the shape of my component.
Here's what my component expects.
You're kind of establishing
your own expectations.
So a good place to start when you're
writing a brand new component is
establishing the props
that you expect to get.
>> Brian: So in other words,
I write my PropTypes first,
rather than going back and
writing them after I've already done it.
But that's just a mindset,
do what works for you.
So here, I'm gonna get a show, right?
The show is going to come in with a shape.
And it's gonna have a title.
>> Brian: Year, poster, and trailer.
>> Brian: Okay.
I'm gonna come down here to render,
say const .
Did I not put description up there?
Totally should have.
Description, year,
poster, trailer.
>> Brian: Equals this.props.show.
So just pull those out real quick.
>> Brian: Okay, and then now we're just
gonna do some nice looking markup.
We're gonna put a nice header
on it with whatever your
brand was inside of an h1 actually.
>> Brian: Then we're gonna have a section.
>> Brian: With an h1.
>> Brian: Title.
>> Brian: An h2 with year
inside a parentheses.
An image showing the poster.
>> Brian: And always put all text, always,
always, because we need it accessible.
That being said,
I'm not gonna do it today, but you should.
>> Brian: Actually,
I'm gonna make that with
`/public/image/posters`.
You should also watch the Frontend Masters
on the accessible web.
Top quality stuff.
>> Brian: Okay, so this is going to be
like our information at the top and
underneath this section we're
going to have a div with
an iframe in it cuz
everyone loves iframes.
Now that's how you have to do YouTube so
that's why we're doing it that way.
So source is gonna be just
this stupid long URL.
https://www.youtube-nocookie cuz
I don't like cookies, just kidding.
.com/embed/$(trailer).
>> Brian: rel=0.
>> Brian: If you don't feel
like typing all this out,
I'm fine to just push a branch after
this and you can just pull it down
>> Brian: Controls equal
0&amp showinfo
equals zero.
Okay, we need to make frame border
>> Brian: Camel cased
because that's how react expects it.
Change those to single quotes
>> Brian: And
then we wanna do allow full screen.
>> Brian: Cool.
>> Brian: So, sorry for the long URL,
but I obviously did not write YouTube.
So before I push it,
let me make sure that it actually works.
So if you come back here and refresh,
you should get a kind of
nice looking details page.
>> Brian: I gave this workshop once before
and someone told me they got a Netflix
subscription because they started
watching all the trailers.
So I was like yes, mission accomplished.
>> Speaker 2: Bonus!
>> Brian: So should work.
Okay, so let me go ahead and
cut a branch here.
>> Brian: git checkout -b v2-14.
git commit -m 14, git push.
So that I just pushed v2-14.
>> Brian: Great.
>> Brian: Any questions about details?
Let's go back to the code.
>> Speaker 2: I have a longer question.
>> Brian: Sure.
>> Speaker 2: With data marshaling,
how do you pass optionally property,
I guess that's optional properties,
to children components from parent
component with react router?
When both parent and child component
are rendered by react router such as,
localhost/parent,
localhost/parent/childone,
localhost/parent/childtwo, and
I only want to pass data to child one,
child two and not child three.
>> Brian: I think the answer to that
question is kind of the paradigm
that I showed you here,
where you use these anonymous functions.
Because inside of here,
this is just the function body, right?
So you can return whatever
you want at the end,
and react router doesn't actually care.
It's just going to render
this entire component, right?
So you're free to put if statements in
here and if condition a, return this.
If condition b, return this other thing.
You're free to script that
to your heart's content.
>> Brian: Hopefully that
satisfies your answer.
I'm not sure if I totally
grasped the question.
>> Speaker 2: Interesting.
Amber Lee is saying that their
poster image is spinning because.
>> Brian: Yeah because they
put the alt text on it.
Yeah take the alt text off.
It's my CSS.
Yeah, I wrote shitty CSS and
I'm the first to acknowledge it.
Cuz we're going to put
a loading circle on there.
And as soon as you put the alt text
on there, that's when it spins.
>> Brian: Cuz [LAUGH] I've
given this workshop before,
this is my disclaimer of
why I did it this way.
And we wrote one class name up here.
Imagine if you had to write
super long class names on
every single one of these: image,
div, h3, h4, h.
It just takes a lot
longer to get through it,
and I was really sick of waiting for
people to write class names.
As I was sick of just writing class names.
So, I was like, no I'm stripping it
all out and we're just gonna do tags.
So that's why it's really weird.
So what she's seeing,
which is kind of hilarious.
If you wanna see it,
go to details, and I put alt =
'something' and I refresh.
Yeah, I gotta run my server again.
>> Brian: She's seeing that.
>> [LAUGH]
[LAUGH]
>> Brian: I should have just made that
the loading GIF, yeah.